Today I will show you how to make a front
flip that is a pretty easy trick this
trick is the counterpart of the back flip and
here as the backflip on the knees
searched on the chest for rolling
this time it is the chest and who is looking
the knees to roll getting the
reverse effect is to say a turn is
forward will help me well in that
who trains more than a year ago is a
click is called gymnastics we
we will train in pasco and sand not like me
I took it out, breaking the curious pact
the only requirement for this movement
it is the somersault the simple somersault the
which we should practice a hydra
explaining height is to say goal of
high this can be a tedious process
but it is extremely necessary since we
will teach how to maintain the room when
let's be on our toes because to keep the
chin stuck to the chest which is
totally necessary in the mortal
go ahead the following as you can see
with a somersault but without using
hands and passing your back very close to
this will help to gain confidence and
keep working the minute concept
in the chest we will move to a place hd
that can hold on breaking dark
returns not so much as it is necessary to fall
reclined a couple of times
and what we will do now is skip one and
again trying to make it immortal
go ahead like that what we owe
try in each jump is that the head
Bastien as little as possible as well
we will achieve a greater height at the moment
to roll and we should never forget the
concept of the chest vera since
this will be a great help at the moment of
roll the main mistakes are
Our front is mainly
shit with fear 2 open before or 3 and
no less likely to stay tight ha ha
ha what good
and this we already have
enough
old quiet but possibly what
happen is not going up the
arms is a very common mistake which
will make you go forward and not
upwards another error can be the
raise your knees when doing the
lethal forward that created a force
inverse only the chest is who
should look for the knees and not the
reverse
and if what you want is to do this, this
you must not only bend the news
because you have to look back to
time to jump because although you do
why look you up if your
arms go forward you'll say towards
forward good on a movement of the
today I hope you liked it
today do not shoot variations but it does not matter
the next movement will be the day
Wednesday see you